saved_objs/stress_dictionary.pkl object was stored. Retrieving from file
saved_objs/ryhme_dictionary.pkl object was stored. Retrieving from file
saved_objs/um_shakespeare_nstates50_niters500.pkl
saved_objs/um_shakespeare_nstates50_niters500.pkl object was stored. Retrieving from file
		1
Conceive the tempered young a precious move,
The world will ugly sits in rich partake.
And weary my without to cars remove,
With foe an so in live obsequious break.
That body thy for question natures net,
Will he and face contains it said to style.
Of breast a flowers ready fits with yet,
To love is presence counting muse them guile.
Them bring and smother doth that sword his ear,
To power trifles tell of happy course.
Is dial care and well with best the bier,
It all and ray did plagues allure to force.
Delayed this one to devil blessed in less,
Did thy to no of summers I confess.
		2
Desire men the which and minutes men,
To ride to so in but in not of cheered.
Be as her angel wonderment your this pen,
Of cunning you oppression pleasing cleared.
To pleasure slowly many more unmoved,
It maladies doth is thy of die because.
Imperious I to fingers self removed,
It after nothing crime his may that draws.
Thereon to thou that star this dearest lent,
Be doth with dreading not of happy tossed.
Destroys the clerk captivity treasure bent,
With even harmful beauteous damsel lost.
Amidst remain is envy seems achieve,
In bliss and sorted wrongs with thoughts the grieve.
		3
Is budding my it kindness thought in frost,
The praising man to new again be mirth.
Of hath renew it fair didst gentle tossed,
Than image dumb of ornaments love a earth.
It but perfection doth a she perforce,
Bereft to thou with frank him precious bars.
This think and lovers those desired course,
To choose in you that foul is trumpet cars.
His affable being sweet her envy dumb,
Invent that whilst and hanging hath pursuit.
That nor disdain of hear of one that sum,
Away persever loves a tied impute.
And hunted my are powers engines bred,
The being bosom fortunes purging head.
		4
Injurious my of loving queen alas,
The like that lovely being what of grieve.
Her ward and twain be my the copy pass,
The petty so desire fair conceive.
Conceit them write in service sole advance,
Perusal mend already you with hates.
Are toil the worths it so or drink askance,
Be sweet it true to glorious advocate baits.
That she or world can some just purpose herd,
Her not is chaste her builds that whether please.
Unwarily and bosom several third,
His being self her bird can some appease.
Is hope it say it yet it beauty fry,
His darkness my within that black deny.
		5
Of roses times the prostrate heavenly rack,
The given nor desire former joy.
Of friend a countenance doth ensample black,
And lovers living my this shall this boy.
For ivory spirit doth her thought remote,
Of new be could devised of air to peep.
To loves in hold to nipples hath her wrote,
Than tell were painting true to eye the reap.
With odours you to thee with politic,
And tempest medicine which the best herself.
Did my are may the on that mourning thick,
His settle most the more and pride himself.
Desire costly but rehearse is hearst,
Is fame is weave be doth a all and durst.
		6
A governs showers music self this pained,
Themselves that actor words and self his mark.
To hasten never offices so untrained,
Another down in triumph mine be bark.
If mark desire doth that waves misuse,
Are gazing my in limit my inclined.
Than even must sightless for grown refuse,
Will gifts a all in love perfection signed.
Is their in medicine lodged offend will mute,
Be purpose my in ere humility mile.
To what triumphant alter most impute,
To winter plain to write to go beguile.
That would obsequious virtue thy with leaves,
Revengeful mens in oft if beauteous eves.
		7
Of chief plaint groan to dials thy of hue,
The keeps it care or thee to beauty check.
Of reasons when it lend be t construe,
Unless that canker like deceased her neck.
This liberties painter whose of best the dream,
That gods to state desired darkness turned.
Him jewels love that water old that deem,
A frame it said to thou in praising burned.
Disgrace the thee for nobler sacrifice,
For firm is beauty thy are heaven child.
With remedy looking dying best suffice,
Him me of shade the see and chase beguiled.
Are sail is grounded hot than stoop and wrack,
To service much canst better dying lack.
		8
Against it bough with praises nature see,
To storms with vain in variation feet.
Of charter earth from mile were gainer free,
Are fortune live that name be their receipt.
The gotten mad be thunder my and draws,
Or as delighted breaking showing cleared.
A noble which the thence and knowing jaws,
From hours times an objects thrilling feared.
Are fair of sovereign tenants grace deprave,
Will sad or feeding smiles a making cured.
For day a buried advocate thy for brave,
Of made in right be our on allured.
Are thou been shows it you for seasons spends,
Captivity we for fire those of bends.
		9
That gazing thy to any self his trance,
A never even I of black away.
Is looks his err suspect and shortly chance,
Dishonor beauty loves for desolate may.
A sorely my was wonderment my be grieve,
Expense that thee this grant alone is sides.
Narcissus even fill her do deceive,
Away to happy cruel reason guides.
Mortality issue worthy so redeem,
His cheeks and content others thy in sealed.
Is year thereon in flower carry beam,
Is fell her at them husbandry thy congealed.
With wrecked of I the say to strongly cheeks,
With on be honor messengers could them weeks.
		10
This he and make be bevel beaten neck,
For I exceeding thine in one unset.
Are purer pitying pity over check,
Years thine from self transgression thy in net.
That friend her much for shall or she is bays,
For dainty ever lease to aught her leads.
Of rarities earth for you did find her praise,
In feeding my for tyranny love it breeds.
It lose and life of best infusion eye,
And pay is own her jacks of malice mixed.
And closely perjured mercy thy did thy,
Be sorely day already intermixed.
That pleasure rest is cruel buried falls,
Her me to ice for birds with what for walls.
		11
Or desert where or water virtue feil,
To thee in lively make to she askance.
A score with greater soul be simple seal,
The bliss did me in see and cold will chance.
Are give with all shouldst till that mistress each,
Towards that cunning I the by to dumb.
With ruin love to potions o that teach,
Of humbled my of birds in cruelty come.
To gaze of ill the all and art proceeds,
Affections granting wondrous maladies taught.
A haply to not was I that nor are breeds,
And poor this their to dote be drooping ought.
Renew her what to art that obstinate thing,
And else her heals is worth his think and king.
		12
Attending vantage silver husband reigns,
Be jot that you and steel and jewel grieved.
And thee be judgment absence these disdains,
This virtue my of parts that see perceived.
Report with loving I that janus but,
His all of beauty so in set unmoved.
That named her where the then that looser cut,
To trophies I the on than so it moved.
Incessant you in I with found his age,
And new be win to constancy day perceive.
It flowers parts the days compile an cage,
Increase to fervent beaten reasons weave.
Was angels up of willing your can springs,
And black is varying love her when him things.
		13
Nought harsh from built of ill the make and yet,
Did my in now to sinful league dispatch.
With tis with me enough beseechers get,
Of pearls that time the ruthless I it match.
Her speak from have a solemn sorrow stole,
This had shouldst thence his rest and judgment gall.
To when be cloudy told and loss the whole,
And time was love of suns that on her thrall.
A virtue conscience me are dressings sigh,
To own a now accord to father shook.
To even year and beauty fortify,
It more and even cruel your in brook.
Desire night for he and power cheered,
Did thee than night the fine remember feared.
		14
To winds that enemies thy for I than peace,
Her touch to pleasure true to hath distills.
Of shed be travel sweets is book decease,
Excuse the same decrease is any ills.
A light of broke or power have of ire,
That end of plaints my for stands thm tie.
Her after see good drooping my inspire,
From feeling have that eyes will heart a aye.
And guest did am contend will trust to lords,
That one persever doth his everywhere.
Her my amen are sweet that place awards,
And hungry each a mad be golden snare.
Rehearse to body my for waste begun,
That things and wish her yellow which the one.
		15
This comfort make physicians some from noise,
Of late from babe her thou be doth good heads.
Be wherewith lines to beauty preyed enjoys,
Import the tell that might did hanging sheds.
Of not did too in call for telling hides,
To do and wasted little sworn it meet.
In mortgaged now can lighten greatest guides,
In suffered sly in heaven true it greet.
Is works to at to their of ill the sledge,
To beauty dream is joy of laid the bends.
For lease and richly give that sharpened edge,
Did thee in death in yield and lives depends.
And here than methods loves with open son,
Will dost and fire see that errors run.
		16
Can night this no and all that truth and life,
His which of wrack did thee than where abused.
Are doth that thoughts with hue from travel wife,
That foul of new of tongue his show to used.
From way a flowers fair of tenure spreads,
With still for live and saucy my delayed.
And blamed with every my to image beds,
Continual mine are servant my be trade.
That water do beside it cannot glass,
The wonder I of I or me were sleep.
Idea heavens onwards hid is pass,
Increase was stain his may entombed of cheap.
Her all in heed contented thy in shook,
Be glorious threw the lookers doth with took.
		17
To am define that purest thy of eyed,
It what were others beauteous bitterness find.
Did thy is minutes gentle she in tried,
With knows are argument your from pride confined.
Disabled trance were pompous days his paws,
Them thy her even muses even knights.
Will poison tis that pray his lost because,
From tyrant jealousy full can glass it lights.
Dight ornament may canst we it all with slide,
Was finger their of images times this thinks.
And lovely love with honor he implied,
The side in stand of out the having sinks.
In looking all and bear of holy feared,
With envy worthy reflex limping cheered.
		18
For lived that same the heaven so be race,
Is me were I of faults than show his taught.
And workings fool this where is heart her chace,
Her my of pleasure fickle me to naught.
Him music envy so desire tears,
To doth beside be over folly hap.
It so shouldst eye a thou endure affairs,
Is praised his flowers shall him dost entrap.
Of peace the doth is I and soon subdue,
Her nothing being farthest my before.
Was cruel voices my of I that due,
Are harder which and hearts with evermore.
Mayst being plain this thou that too years spring,
It use than longing name be hardly wing.
		19
Wouldst lease him at that all his as protract,
Her like unmoved the cruel black in glance.
That you for meat colours and race be lacked,
Of fear if stoop is ease to joy advance.
The find that none that even do it clock,
And render love that she of tender lost.
Are wide be frail a thee to nature rock,
It travels gone it penance broken crossed.
In wit to deck to spy contentment woes,
Of lifes of bastard those of lord this but.
If lies against subject years your it grows,
The me to cruel my in I were nut.
Her thou was things successive memory needs,
In embassy prayers that one to else a weeds.
		20
Were my this seen them image sun entrap,
And glances riches spirit your is speak.
Can dreaming roses lost and autumn sap,
With vanished shade in turned to jewel meek.
Amaze from tiger thy in thoughts be bark,
Just thou and showers greet be world mistake.
Her nightly you in they in wilfully lark,
This thee to bosom most with public shake.
Of gifts and pencil hearts were beauty mate,
Amaze in pleasure more for firmly king.
Her nor or tyranny tables thy to great,
The hell of I in then is bloody bring.
That hue be loving my of inward build,
That shall this at transgression your distilled.
