saved_objs/stress_dictionary.pkl object was stored. Retrieving from file
saved_objs/ryhme_dictionary.pkl object was stored. Retrieving from file
saved_objs/um_shakespeare_nstates100_niters50.pkl
saved_objs/um_shakespeare_nstates100_niters50.pkl object was stored. Retrieving from file
		1
From children tedious plenty should before,
Continual thy than april sorrows plead.
Can violet famous doing seem can pour,
Be you is tired doth are doth his feed.
That as was worthless back are we if grow,
Attire at to lying sorrow boy.
Uphold the played to heaven mistress crow,
A burn did truly thy upon annoy.
That general care of longer living proved,
With me in me to sever thou forlorn.
That whom this chase is object vile removed,
Rehearse is youth that fire going borne.
A sweetness wont of map the plague will those,
From look and you of langour up enclose.
		2
Them deem it all of league a dials sure,
Contented sort authority bear to tells.
In now or wonderful husbands lie unsure,
It nature such that whereof world the smells.
Is gifts her not can wanting gently latch,
To general my of rain the any spoil.
An setting tis sprites fond that me dispatch,
In what this not will vain and head are toil.
It make can sin and love of arrows feels,
That life of cruel my in loose the hell.
Authority yield to service my of steals,
Is proud her sledge will heavy rolling bell.
Alone her careful which that worlds an cheeks,
Sufficed is spirit pleasure those with reeks.
		3
To heaven humbled worth of height be wings,
His might her reigned will costly spirit me.
And love him doth persever heavy kings,
It best that worlds be by release agree.
Be fame replete in not or still above,
Aspire good my of loving sorrows mark.
Conceit are way be date will sweet her dove,
With convert still are painful thy of dark.
It o for lives and night that ten it seeks,
Will as and most her played will wane is slime.
Him look for so is loss her my will cheeks,
The hardy do acknowledge my from crime.
Of dross for cure of tempest time construe,
In fawn with over he and cruel new.
		4
His slide immortal full were content beard,
Canst heavenly robbing feathered lusty get.
Can humbled sensual day dismayed it cheered,
A things and bliss remain be heavenly debt.
Perfection forward on or woe engrossed,
Her praises thy for pity have with found.
Belong are fountains virtue newer boast,
With graces those in even thy in ground.
An echoes rest of eyes be every stand,
To truth is virtue mine before of praise.
And virtue mute can painter clean be strand,
To men it scourge that heart of having pays.
Will absent have predict with yet it sick,
Was gentle stand of armor thy be thick.
		5
Of even such with farther farthest learn,
With leaves and mistress beauty your abuse.
That content lovely all of tempest burn,
With convert cruel added every truce.
Of over pace of conquest fair his sad,
It mistress thou that nipples every kills.
Are being substance score her grant to add,
Against that best the weary sway distills.
Can coveted wilt it rocks is gaze the drinks,
With snare of majesty new a serving burn.
That tables thy of barren hundred thinks,
And love his have to ever overturn.
To new was food is pity every young,
In me a fire sour present hung.
		6
Provide be wandering bettering finest doubt,
It innocence travelled children see recite.
This ship that write with being but is out,
Desire constancy my of treasure light.
Be care in fall shouldst wooers seldom fail,
To maiden my before of grave assured.
Her on that excellent shows that shalt yours wail,
Decay the beauty voyage self endured.
To teach was thy in now be my that treads,
In written my will fortune these correct.
Will I that sad and naught were wit her beds,
To matter I that world the pay that wrecked.
Of bud is ever now that he is cheered,
Desires ye to those shouldst happier cleared.
		7
Sustain is livery tyranny tend are moon,
With windows excellent all and mended wrought.
Immortalize lies will stubborn settled tune,
It whom with never thou upon her thought.
That may that better my for both be spends,
His love of lord are my will ever page.
Them being maker mine is shaken sends,
To subtleties shalt it art for life the rage.
That wonder my him your with heaven sigh,
It being me to glory answer came.
Her play that all with not to thrall was i,
In slow was I if high to once was shame.
Did filled will flowers which that things his shame,
With fountains I of nectar summers fame.
		8
This hell her they years willingly well persist,
Of see in but will wasteful thus will lean.
This not be they this thee invent to missed,
Are train his thy of worshipped me that green.
Insults that hell her painting sickly sheaves,
And garden stretched and function far to live.
His men of choir my of praise his eves,
Was power other writ to word derive.
Be store the so that thee with praise in move,
Abundance thy with ever hours hearts.
Good nor them fine allayed amongst remove,
The passing weary my for I that arts.
To bosom deepest by for judgment storm,
That life him tis for travelled thee transform.
		9
Was I or raging ye of misseth parts,
And critic actor proudly change that killed.
That yet and linger love did shield rues arts,
Of heavy gracious out it glory filled.
To still with tract condemned privilage seem,
That absent men that damsel through be bark.
For I her such to not to thralled beam,
Will all that faculty tires must it dark.
Or greedy stir is which her give deceive,
The so desire content thy in but.
Expense in fingers prove that glowing leave,
That beauty blinded thy will loves of cut.
Inclined themselves beholding ever choose,
The sweet good love and single revenues.
		10
It boldness wound the pray and beauteous tune,
Will my in wonder pledge that dove constrain.
Of hand her you to greater my of noon,
Awake can fire cruel deaths his rain.
Refined his know that ignorance not and needs,
That praises thoughts her lily though and lie.
Be doth that lovers hell that by proceeds,
Good my with partly at of gone deny.
That princes stands misprision bound assure,
Is shew to thoughts his grew for shame will owes.
Can ye nought all in treason once unsure,
The forth for though devouring razed be grows.
Be could is lips celestial new allured,
In life her sue and eyes in full assured.
		11
This what and black to nature my prepared,
Committed pity your of majesty bold.
Be make is pity dear of works are bared,
Unused that when lascivious what enrolled.
Are thou for me to shade is fury curse,
Be gentle fortune victor word it edge.
That part and friend it ride are doth it nurse,
Entire present second deaths with sledge.
Is long was offices stand did these with thirst,
With happy bearing beams his forbidden sort.
Will I for seasons neer is others hearst,
Of candles glorious sovereign perjured port.
It she alone is loving rest believe,
To beauty thy in constant pervert weave.
		12
Them when just said that eyes this oft and wits,
The pass will crowned in motley fast with sing.
A spirit alchemy blood of other hits,
That soil the shall years thy in tragedy sting.
Be all of least be mind her adding burn,
It both that dust the steel of tempest far.
In me to tenants one this dross and learn,
To worth in ornament live a bad afar.
Canst liberty no of spider through in speak,
Canst thou in alters on than thee to laid.
Of comment pace together nothing cheek,
Of beauty no release and mended trade.
His lose to image your it love her eke,
In feasting see to use is watchman meek.
		13
From huntsman no is written sovereign price,
The I if but unfair be thou that stirred.
That higher thy rehearse of broken twice,
In given do is april I transferred.
Is chary what did merry their removed,
It when and riches sweet from heal in laws.
Him still mayst not or speak to wane was moved,
It spirits angel ruddy tallies paws.
Are nothing how her only hate didst crawls,
Her slept is shoot and gardens vex good wild.
Was languishing age it else that best in calls,
That fit the unto make to rubies child.
His fire pleasure hate it hercules,
Of lesson no in foiled are pity please.
		14
To would and sweet to fair that bend commence,
For naught in blest of cars the laughter dazed.
Be thy in wasted use mayst I dispense,
And boy embrace him say of mantle raised.
Was gentle you is day in which that root,
To like and cruel face her as suffice.
With now and stint created bait impute,
Did offices too of fever coming ice.
Is thee or frame did spent did tyranny reign,
Oppress is thou that tempest found endowed.
An art an lo of statute stiffness gain,
To more and more of palate my in shroud.
Of desert my in shine did thee restraint,
Her tigers whereof comfort your constraint.
		15
And jewel my of day in truth decease,
With glorious their is waking sympathized.
Than keen the thy him others fair a fleece,
Be thou admire with shame the I advised.
In where be both entire whereupon,
Of messenger quality yet and shames betwixt.
A all that prison many helicon,
Her worlds did desolate my in over fixed.
Be after senseless love that same conceit,
Is fair than happy image doth despite.
Together fit be loving eyes the meat,
Invention fancy date and sire might.
Contented self it true of writes decree,
A on for jewel most of winter me.
		16
That towers thine of message no be song,
For I this creature I that tongue that prime.
Are respite my in me a secret throng,
It when delivers woman thou with crime.
Her prostrate doth are lookers doth are rare,
Of child be when of assay up unswayed.
In fair that apple spirit own this swear,
It say her on than you and wreck it aid.
Will relics deeds her thy than breast disease,
And live with being hold for such her seeks.
Eclipses how bemoaned is they appease,
Eternal thy in windows baseness of cheeks.
Mistaking glory my to dial keep,
To place be rage a pretty frequent steep.
		17
And strength the I that what and kind translate,
Of victors one that hell in ruined ear.
Or even purest lend amongst his late,
To peace of goddess glorious thine that bier.
Did husbands fairest doth and life his space,
His hate of golden last to thee or dun.
In mothers fair in you be gifts embrace,
To countenance fire worse for pleasure one.
The prove can light is thy in better men,
Plaint my wrongest late were my of spider crawls.
Is tender what of reason being then,
Devour ride mayst many when him walls.
From shall in nor arising nobler strains,
Disabled silly light will sequent trains.
		18
Of ceremony sweet that word are spark,
The night of purity no for love his black.
Corruption subtle he of other lark,
And darkness hour she his your in wrack.
Will thy it which of woman passions far,
Privilage do confounded false it nursed.
With answers love her prison no afar,
And darkness answer see to trophies hearst.
Of missed the steepy these that all inure,
That me than having but them wind the leaves.
Or chronicle no in you can I allure,
Another wound the innocence I receives.
To eye unknown the tie can I delight,
A too enrich of beauty all be plight.
		19
To lay be true in thinly self her few,
To love that knowledge heart of why her brought.
Extend to hours mystery less her who,
Upon it needy whereof eye the ought.
Of something pace to feeling waning mad,
Are thou did do it hymn this spirits blind.
Dishonor second thy is given had,
Prepare will wise is tyranny faith behind.
Is true with taught in woe a bands him decked,
The unto question ever travels map.
Uncertain images parallels effect,
Assured be dross with you with now that lap.
Thm only mine and lovely both him sword,
Substantial then was get to turn accord.
		20
And enemies hardest thy with wanting mars,
The better cannot change didst born her chief.
Attire summer my of hours stars,
The some or wilt a others nor nought leaf.
Her falsely ill of you that eyes removed,
Years loves with sweet her happy palate sits.
That ashes crowned to self her burned unmoved,
That ever limit sweets that on is hits.
Of candles yielded amiable ward,
That part his blame unjust is cancelled hits.
Her sense that me be only I restored,
Conspire thinly wander spirit fits.
That absent fire judgement fair in read,
That I of measured ship mought cruel spread.
